Shin is a type of Energy Projection that envelops the user in a fiery golden aura, drastically strengthening their body to the level of high-quality augs (bionics?)
"Power of the heart" and mind?

"I mean, I guess that flashy aura that makes ya real tough's one part of it. But there's gotta be more, right…? "
"Heard tell y'all been usin' some kinda strange technique from out yonder. 'Shin(心)', wassit? Usin' some energy project technique, right?
 'Parently you'll become as tough as augmentations they say.
 And ya convert that 'Shin' or whatever into strength to make light rings 'round your body parts or weapons, and that's 'sposed to be 'Mang(望)'"

Shin is used to create Mang, a power enchancing ability that contains negative emotions like resentment, yearning and dismay.
Shin appears as warm rings of light that appear around the weapon or body part being used to attack

Path of learning for shin and mang (hediff like stuncaster?)

"I only learned to wield it from my team leader, too. I have a sensory understanding of Shin (心), but I can claim nothing too profound."
"That there exists a power called Shin—capable of enhancing the body without having to pay expensive upkeep costs. "
"… From what I recall, the mantle of Shin grants its users a high degree of physical enhancement. "
"There is no such thing as reinforcement without supplies. No power of that magnitude comes without an equivalent cost to wield it. "
"That power…  	… relies on emotion and will for manifestation. Its output is not consistent like prosthesis and augmentation. "
"And depending on how it is used, the "consequence" it demands can reach levels comparable to the E.G.O you use. "
"… You mean to say that it exacts a toll upon the mind. "
"Regarding that… our Team Leader has been conducting intensive research, and according to her, physical strength itself has little bearing on one's ability to learn and wield Shin. "
"it is, in essence, a power that can be learned by almost anyone, provided they know the proper method of training. "

"Not just that. He was using that "Mang (望)" technique quite effortlessly, too." - Getting better at shin makes everything easier?

Can be taught to others once you know how to, can be self-taught through enough diligence (How to obtain?)

In order to use shin, one must clear their mind of all emotions and tap into their most intense memories and allow the emotions that are invoked to take fill in their head.

"I deaden my breath, and clear my mind. Rummaging through this bag of memories, I carefully fumble around the recollections and pick the heaviest and densest ones to fill my emptied head."

Due to shin being a power brought forth from the mind, even physically weak people can learn to wield it

Mental strain that comes from its usage

The more mang used in an attack, the higher degree of control over shin is needed by the user, each ring doubles the mental strain

"I've been tryna learn how that thing works… 'been waiting for an opportunity to test it out. Purdy sure I can make one Mang by now."

In limbus, users of Shin will usually gain the effect as a corresponding buff when certain conditions are met,
with the exact effects of the buff being different for each user.
Mang is instead a conditional effect exclusive to particular skills used by Shin users,
granting the skill additional effects if it is used above a certain SP threshold,
most commonly improved power and damage. If a skill successfully generates Mang,
the user will lose a specified amount of SP after the skill ends. 

Shin will provide general buffs, but there will be Variants. Mang is always the same as its a shin technique.

For example: Shin - Disgrace and Shin - Procuration will give different subclass effects, but will generally buff the user physically on top of it.

Adding more shin types must be easy

Known types: Tiantui Star, Red Gaze, Radiance, Moses, Ezra, Yellow Harpoon, Procuration, Fate, Dihui Star, Disgrace, Certain Sinclair

"the proper noun ‘Shin’ «신(心)» is based on the Japanese pronunciation of the Han Chinese character, and pertains to the mind.
 ... «망»[Mang] is also the pronunciation of the Han character «望», meaning “full moon”.
 
 Shin/mang is supposed to work fully with E.G.O, one relic called the Tiantui's Star Blade directly buffs shin and gives it a red aura ontop of the gold due to it "drawing out the users inner strength"